

    The Moth Dust dropped by Gloomoths can be held down to throw over a short distance. Any creature it hits will become scent-marked as a moth, and will be attacked by most of the nearby Forlorn Hollows mobs. It can also be crafted into §lMoth §lBalls§r, which can keep Gloomoths away from light sources when placed.







    The Desolate Dagger dropped by Underzealots may seem weak based on its low attack damage, but after every hit, a red, ghostly version of the dagger will dangle above the target. This red blade deals an additional, delayed attack.
    The Occult Gem has multiple uses. It can be turned into a §lTotem §lof §lPossession§r, which can be bound to any creature by hitting it.




    Once bound, the creature can then be controlled by holding down the totem and looking where it should move. Note that the creature should be visible for this dark magic to work. The totem only has limited durability, but any other creature the possessed one collides with will trigger it to attack.
    The Occult Gem can also be made into a §lBeholder§r.






    Another Occult Gem can be bound to this block, and using it anywhere else in the world will allow one to see through the eye of the beholder. Note that it cannot be used across dimensions.
    The teeth of the Corrodent can be brewed into a Haste potion, which allows for faster digging. But they can also be crafted into §lBurrowing §lArrows§r.






    Burrowing Arrows will chew through and mine up to 5 blocks when they land. They also pierce targets.
    Vesper wings can be made into §lVesper §lStew§r, one of the few sources of food in the depths of the Forlorn Hollows.





    The Pure Darkness dropped by Forsaken can be fashioned into some Shadow Silk, a new crafting ingredient.






    This silk can be used to create the §lDreadbow§r. Dreadbows load arrows slower than normal bows, but when fired, a volley of multitudes of arrows will fall from above the target. If normal arrows are loaded, these will be transformed into shadowy arrows that deal multiple attacks and appear in a far greater number.
    Shadow Silk can also be used to create the §lHood §lof §lDarkness§r and §lCloak §lof §lDarkness§r.












    When both of these armor pieces are worn together, a meter appears showing the current darkness power, which is increased by staying within areas devoid of light. Once this meter is full, the wearer can enter shadow mode, which will grant them extremely fast flight for ten seconds - but this ability only works if they stay within the darkness.
    To increase the length of this effect unnaturally, a §lDarkened §lApple§r can be eaten while in shadow mode.