

    From Neodymium Ingots, both Azure and Scarlet Magnets can be crafted.







    These magnets are very powerful, as azure ones can move magnetic blocks away from them, and scarlet ones can attract magnetic blocks to them.
    A magnet can move up to 27 adjacent blocks at a time, provided they have enough clearance and are all either metallic or connected to metallic blocks by a slime block.
    These magnets have limited range of usually only a few blocks. This can be incremented by one by using the respective neodymium ingot on the block, and decreased by using the opposite ingot.

    The Telecore, obtained from a Teletor, can be used to create new Tesla Bulbs by combining it with Energized Galena.








    It can also be used to create a very powerful tool known as the §lGalena §lGauntlet§r.






    The Galena Guantlet can be used in the offhand while a magnetic tool, such as one made of iron or netherite, is held in the main hand. When used, it will launch the tool forwards, up to around 20 blocks in distance. From here, the tool will damage any entity it is rammed into, or begin to mine any block if it is the matching kind for the tool. The guantlet will slowly lose durability during use, but can be repaired with a Telecore.
    Asides from being used to make the Galena Guantlet, Ferrouslimeballs can be used to make Metal Swarf, which can then in turn be smelted into Scrap Metal. It can also be used to brew a potion of Magnetizing - which renders the inflicted with the ability to be pushed or pulled by magnetic forces without wearing metal armor.











    Notor Gizmos can be combined with a Telecore and an Azure Neodymium Ingot to make a §lHolocoder§r. This Holocoder can be bound to any entity by using it on them. When placed in a §lHologram §lProjector§r, a Hologram of the bound entity will be displayed. If the Holocoder is unbound, then the user of the Holocoder will be shown instead.











    Notor Gizmos can also be combined with an Iron Ingot to create four Magnetic Lights.
    The Heavyweight, obtained from Boundroids, can be used to create a §lMagnetic §lQuarry §lSmasher§r.







     This device is only useful when combined with four Magnetic Lights and the §lMagnetic §lQuarry§r itself.






     When a Magnetic Quarry is placed, the bounds of the area to be automatically mined out by it can be marked by creating a rectangle with four Magnetic Lights behind the Magnetic Quarry Block. Once lightning is seen darting between all four lights, the Quarry Smasher can be placed inside these bounds to activate the quarry.
     The quarry will continue to mine out any breakable blocks underneath its designated area, and once smashed these blocks' drops will be sent flying out of the top of the main Magnetic Quarry Block. Once there are no more blocks to mine, the quarry will become dormant.



     The Magnetron's Heart of Iron has one more remaining use, too - it can be crafted into a §lResistor §lShield§r.






     The Resistor Shield can be used as an ordinary shield, except that it creates a magnetic pulse while used that damages nearby foes. The polarity of this pulse can be switched by using the shield and sneaking at the same time. If the azure side is used, the pulse will repel afflicted entities, and if the scarlet side is used it will pull them closer.