

    Gelatin from Sweetish Fish can be combined with Sundrops to create §lRainbounce §lBoots§r. These bouncing boots will negate fall damage by sending the wearer bouncing upwards on collision with the ground, while also leaving a rainbow trail behind them.







    The Sharpened Candy Cane, which can be used as a weapon in its own right, can also be crafted into a §lCandy §lCane §lHook§r. This device is perfect for grappling between the canyon-like cake formations of the Candy Cavity. It can also be dual-wielded to lessen time between grappling.






    The Gumball Piles dropped by Gumbeepers can be made into a §lShot §lGum§r, a ranged weapon that fires two gumball projectiles at the same time. These gumballs ricochet off of walls and hit mobs, making them perfect for crowd control. Each Gumball Pile used as ammunition counts as five separate shots.






    Gumball Piles can also be used to craft the §lGobthumper§r. As soon as this block is placed into the world, it will begin to attract the attention of any nearby Gum Worms.







    If one of these Gum Worms is slain, the dropped Sweet Tooth can be made into a §lSack §lof §lSating§r. Food items can be dragged onto the sack for it to open up and promptly devour the food, storing its hunger value inside the sack itself. When in the inventory of a hungry player, the Sack of Sating will attempt to feed them automatically. Sacks of Sating can therefore be used to compress and store a nearly infinite amount of food.






    The crumbs obtained from gingerbread men can be used to create several interesting items, like a §lGingerbarrel§r. This storage block will be used by any Gingerbread Men to store items that they pick up.







    It can also be used to craft the powerful §lConfection §lOven§r. When activated by redstone, this block will create a small army of Gingerbread Men, who will attack anything that is not a Gingerbread Man that has the same color frosting. The color of frosting can be determined by placing a Rock Candy block underneath the Confection Oven.
    Gingerbread Men summoned by these ovens will pick up any item they encounter, including mob drops, and deposit them in Gingerbarrels.







    Perhaps the most powerful secret of the Candy Cavity is the Licowitches' very own §lConversion §lCrucible§r. This powerful cauldron holds within it the magical ability to transmute one biome to another, at least in a small area.






    To utilize this magical power, §lBiome §lTreats§r will have to be crafted.






    Biome Treats are a magical candy that are as delicious as they are expensive. But these treats should only be consumed under specific pretexts. Biome Treats are the catalyst used by the Conversion Crucible to determine what biome to transform the local area to. They can be bound to a specific biome by consuming them in that biome only when completely starving.
    Once a Biome Treat is bound to a biome, it can be tossed into a Conversion Crucible. The Crucible will then demand that blocks found in the desired biome are tossed into it. Finally, when a biome is almost ready to be converted, the crucible will demand a rare item found in the biome. Usually these are diamonds, netherite ingots, or shulker shells, but for more extraordinary biomes the demands can be different...
    Once fully satisified the crucible will begin to rock back and forth as its magic is worked, and the area will shift to the new biome.