











    • 500.0 ♥
    • 30.0 🗡
    • 10.0 ⛨
    The Tremorzilla is most certainly a mythical creature, for it has yet to be observed in the flesh. This dinosaur has been enlarged and empowered to a ridiculous degree by radiation. Unlike other prehistoric reptiles, the egg of this beast can be assembled from the remains of other legendary monsters from the deepest reaches of the Overworld.







    This glowing egg is strange in numerous ways. It does not hatch given all the time in the world, unlike other eggs. The exact way of encouraging it to open has been lost to the legends of the past - but it is likely it involves some kind of tremendous explosion.
    Despite the descriptions of its fearsome appearance and strength, it appears that Tremorzilla does not harbor malice towards other living things - at least initially. It is said to be quick to anger. Tremorzilla is so large that it may even unknowingly step on lesser creatures, and create ensuing conflict.
    When in battle, the beast uses its large claws to slash at prey, and often takes huge bites with its massive maw. It can also turn and swing its tail around to inflict a devastating blow, or raise one of its feet high in the air, only for it to come slamming down.
    But the most feared attack of all is its beam of pure energy. This begins with the massive plates on the back of the Tremorzilla beginning to glow an irradiated green and sinking into the beast. Once all plates are activated, the Tremorzilla rears its colossal head back and unleashes an emanation of pure power. This beam can melt through nearly anything and reach a hundred blocks in length.
    Due to the devastating effects of the beam and other attacks, one should attempt to befriend the Tremorzilla before it destroys them - knowingly or not.
    It is said that only the bravest can tame the Tremorzilla - but they must be feeding it an item so radioactive that it is extremely dangerous to even hold - one that if destroyed in any other way leaves a dangerous emanation of radiation.
    Those that are able to ally with the beast can command it to follow, stay and wander, like its dinosaur kin. It can also be ridden, and is said to give control of its devastating breath attack to its rider.
    Despite no living Tremorzilla being seen, they are theorized to be bred with another by consuming the most powerful explosive devices known.