

    The various resources of the Toxic Caves can be combined into a Polymer Plate, a highly resistant material.






    These Polymer Plates can be assembled into §lHazmat §lArmor§r, which lowers the damage and effects of Irradiated and Acid.
























    Polymer Plates can also be made into a §lRemote §lDetonator§r, which can activate marked explosives from elsewhere in the world.






    Together with a Fissile Core and some Uranium Rods, it can also be crafted into the §lRaygun§r. This ranged weapon shoots a beam of radioactive energy that damages all entities in its path extremely quickly. While each attack may only deal one damage, it attacks four times as fast as a usual weapon can.
    Rayguns will also inflict Irradiated to their targets. They require Uranium Rods as fuel.








    The Charred Remnants dropped by Brainiacs can be used to make Nuclear Sirens, which produce a loud sound when a nuclear explosion is imminent in the area.







    These remnants can also be used to create a §lNuclear §lFurnace §lComponent§r.





    To assemble a Nuclear Furnace, place eight components in a cube. Nuclear Furnaces can smelt any items a blast furnace can, 5 times as fast. Instead of burning coal, they use Uranium Rods as fuel. A Uranium Rod can smelt an entire stack of items - however, it produces some Unrefined Waste as a byproduct.
    To avoid the Nuclear Furnace entering criticality and exploding violently, this waste must be removed by placing Metal Barrels in the Nuclear Furnace, which will produce Waste Drums.
    Destroying these Waste Drums may prove to be difficult, as they can explode and leave lingering radiation. Perhaps it is best to just store them for an indefinite period instead...

    The most dangerous use of the Toxic Caves resources is the §lNuclear §lBomb§r.






    This powerful weapon will create a truly massive explosion that destroys almost all blocks in a nearby area, and deals thousands of damage and inflicting Irradiated III. This kind of destruction may be the very cause of the Toxic Caves itself...
