











    • 600.0 ♥
    • 12.0 🗡
    • 20.0 ⛨
    The Luxtructosaurus is a monstrous boss locked deep inside the heart of the volcanoes that appear within the Primordial Caves.
    This immense creature is the reason why many dinosaur species that once called the Primordial Caves home have gone extinct. It is an undead dinosaur that is immune to fire thanks to its soul being trapped in the core of a volcano for countless millennia.
    To awaken this boss and trigger the eruption, one must toss an Ominous Catalyst into the top of a volcano.







    The Luxtructosaurus has an arsenal of powerful attacks. It can rear up and slam with its front legs, smashing entire layers of blocks into nothing. It can also kick forwards with these legs, sending targets flying. When close to a target, it can spin around and use its long tail to fling targets and disable shields.
    Occasionally, the Luxtructosaurus will roar loudly and channel the power of the volcano itself to aid it in its battle. This will make the dinosaur drip lava, and it gains the ability to spew flames, along with making its other attacks even more devastating. In this state, the stomp attack of the dinosaur can even expose massive rifts under its targets feet, full of Primal Magma.
    If a Luxtructosaurus cannot reach its prey, it can leap great distances or smash blocks in its way.
    During the entire boss fight, the sky will become red and thick with volcanic ash, and volcanoes will begin to erupt by spewing out flying tephra. This makes the fight even more difficult.
    In the unlikelihood that the Luxtructosaurus is defeated, it will fade into ash and leave behind multiple §lTectonic §lShards§r.
    Once this great beast is defeated, the Primal Magma left behind will begin to recede and a species of dinosaur previously extinct to the Primordial Caves will instantly begin to spawn from Amber Monoliths.
    The Tectonic Shards can be used to create the ultimate weapon of the Primordial Caves: the §lExtinction §lSpear§r.







    This spear channels the spirits of dinosaurs consumed by the eruption long ago. When a target is stabbed with it, the spirit of a Tremorsaurus will lash out and deal additional damage. When held down, multiple spirits of the Grottoceratops will surround the user and block incoming damage. If the spear is thrown and hits a target, a Subterranodon spirit will lift it up into the air and drop it. The spear also deals additional explosive damage in an area after launch, and will return to its thrower afterwards.