

    Although individually most of the fish that swim these deep seas are not very palettable, they can be combined into a Deep Sea Sushi Roll.






    The Marine Snow produced by Sea Pigs can be used on dead corals to bring them back to life. It can also grow sponges and other kinds of sea life.
    Bioluminessence, dropped by Gossamer Worms, can be brewed into a potion of glowing. It can also be crafted into a §lFloater§r, a device that allows one to reach the surface of the sea in mere seconds.









    Or it can be turned into some §lBioluminescent §lTorches§r that glow even underwater.






    Any Drowned that appear in the Abyssal Chasm may be wearing parts of the §lDiving §lSuit§r Armor. These can also appear in chests in Abyssal Ruins.


    The Diving Helmet grants forty seconds of water breathing when worn out of water, vastly extending the period in which explorers can stay in the Abyssal Chasm. The chestplate has additional toughness, and the leggings grant extra swim speed. The boots allow faster speed on Muck blocks.
    The Abyssal Ruins can also occasionally hold a §lSubmarine§r. Submarines in disrepair can be fixed by using copper ingots on them, and any oxidization can be removed with an axe. Once repaired, a Submarine can be piloted and even sports floodlights to improve visibility of the depths. When piloted, Submarines provide a constant amount of air, making them one of the safest ways to get around in the Abyssal Chasm.
    To create an entirely new submarine will require multiple copper blocks, an Enigmatic Engine and a few Depth Glass blocks. Simply surround the Enigmatic Engine with a copper cube, and make sure to use six depth glass to mark the front of the vehicle.

    Abyssal ruins also make use of §lDrain§r blocks, which can be crafted with Depth Charges.






    Provided there is liquid above and empty space below when activated with redstone, this block will move all the fluids above it below it, making it convenient for aquatic construction.
    Deep Ones can exchange a large variety of items - some unique to only them. A common one is the §lInk §lBomb§r and §lGlow §lInk §lBomb§r, which create a pool of ink when thrown that can inflict blindness and glowing, respectively. The glowing variant can be useful to gain the attention of a nearby Hullbreaker.
    The Gazing Pearl can be a helpful novelty to keep track of the opinion held by the Deep Ones. It changes color depending on their mood towards the outsider gazing upon it.
    The Orthrolance is a melee weapon that can be held down to gain a powerful charge attack. This charge will leave a trail of waves behind it, which deal additional damage.
    The Magic Conch can be blown in order to summon multiple deep ones to aid in combat, anywhere in the world. They will only linger for a short period of time, so it is best to save this for large battles.
    The Sea Staff is a weapon that fires magical bolts of water rapidly, which can arc towards nearby monsters. 

