Logic Circuits
Turing Complete
With the great speed and versatility of <link;redstone_wire;Redstone Wires> and the unique properties of a <link;components;Vacuum Tube;tubes>, it's now possible to greatly the reduce the footprint of complex redstone circuits.
Using the Circuit Table, you can create much smaller logic circuits. To do so, you will need a <link;components;backplane;pcb>, some vacuum tubes and some solder like lead or copper wires. The table also needs to be supplied with energy through the input at its back.

Using the various components, you then select the pattern of circuit you want to make and decide the input values, as well as the designated output.
The available in- and outputs are the 16 colored channels of a Redstone wire, as well as 8 "Registers". These allow for a temporary storage of a value within the block that handles the logic - more on this later.

After setting the operator, in- and outputs, you see the required list of components next to the input slots on the left. The amount of components required depends on the complexity of the circuit, with §lNAND§r being the easiest to produce. As long as enough components are present, you can then take the completed circuit from the output on the right.<np>
Helpful shortcuts:
- When hovering over a in- or output button, press a numbered key to change it to the numbered register. Press a letter to cycle through the colors starting with that letter.
- Pick up a finished logic circuit and click it on the center of the circuit table's interface to copy the instructions to the table.<np>
<&unit>The Logic Unit is the block in which completed logic circuits are slotted to be used. It has enough space for a total of §210 circuits§r, and features a full §28 inbuilt registers§r, allowing it to be used for any circuit.
For a logic unit to interface with the colored redstone systems, it needs to have a <link;redstone_wire;Redstone Interface Connector;bundled> attached to its side.
Every time any of the attached connectors change their state, the logic unit cycles through its circuits and performs all 10 operations.
If a circuit uses a register as an output, the resulting value is kept in the register and may be used by later circuit as an input.
The same interface connector used to input can be used as an output as well.